package.json (package description)
==================================

Mr configures each package based on the contents of `package.json`, the
package description, and the shared configuration. These properties are
meaningful to Mr:

-   **name**: the name of the package, which may be used to connect
    common dependencies of the same name in subpackages.
-   **dependencies**: an object mapping a string that represents both a
    module identifier prefix and a package name, to an ignored version
    predicate.
-   **mappings**: an object that maps a module identifier prefix to a
    dependency.  The dependency may be a location string, or an object
    with `location`, `name`, or `hash` properties.  The location may be
    inferred from dependencies of already discovered packages, or from
    the location of the dependent package and the name.  The `hash` is
    generated by an optimizer and only used for loading modules with
    script injection.

    ```json
    "mappings": {
        "q": {
            "name": "q",
            "location": "packages/q"
        }
    }
    ```

    will cause Mr to load the Q package from `./packages/q` instead of
    `./node_modules/q`.

-   **overlay**: an object defining alternate configurations depending
    on the platform.  Keys correspond to engines and values are
    alternate properties to overwrite on the package description.  For
    the browser, the `window`, `browser`, and `montage` engines are
    applied.  This property is likely to be deprecated and replaced by
    an `if` block or other content-negotiation blocks in the future.
-   **directories**: an object containing optional `lib` and `packages`
    directory overrides.  The `lib` directory is a location relative to
    this package at which to find modules.  The `packages` directory is
    a location relative to this package in which to find unknown
    packages by name.
-   **main**: the module identifier of the module that represents this
    package when required in other packages by the mapping module
    identier, or in this package by its own name.
-   **production**: when set to `true` it puts the system into production mode.
    Currently this only ignores any `devDependencies`.
-   **redirects**: an object that maps module identifiers to an alternate module identifier.

    ```json
    "redirects": {
        "foo": "foo/index"
    }
    ```

    will cause `require("foo")` to return the exports from the `foo/index` module.
